first
Higher first
I said you are a big man
How to be coy
No, go higher.
Mr. Guo, what are you doing?
Do it yourself
Your boyfriend is so interesting
Let him tuck you in
Swept like a big yellow girl
Then you can cooperate with me in this way, okay?
Mr. Gu painted it
There was a project in Africa recently that lacked a director
Or you go
I was wrong, Mr. Gu
Okay? Mmm.
Lawyer Li just called me
He has arrived at Riverside Garden
I called you and you didn't answer
Ask me what to do next
I gave him the building number of Yuan'er's house
There should be news in a while.
Hello
I'm on speakerphone
Mr. Gu, I have arrived at Yunyao's house
The doorbell landed and no one responded.
No one answered the phone
Take the initiative, or you can make an appointment at the most.